---
title: "Additional field details of Invoice"
url: "https://docs.zuora.com/en/zuora-platform/integration/apis/soap-api/soap-api-object-reference/invoice/additional-field-details-of-invoice"
product: "zuora-platform"
scraped_at: "2026-02-20T21:08:54.556Z"
---

# Additional field details of Invoice

Additional details of the fields of the Invoice object.

## Comments

Additional information related to the invoice that someone added to the invoice.

This field is read-only in the API. You can add comments in the web-based UI to invoices in Draft status. You can't change or add comments to an invoice in any status other than Draft.

## Id

The ID of this object. Every object has a unique identifier that Zuora automatically assigns upon creation. You use this ID later when you work with the object. For example, if you send an `amend()` call to modify an existing subscription, then you need to include the specific `Subscription` object's ID with the call.

The ID for the `Invoice` object is InvoiceId.

## RefundAmount

Specifies the amount of a refund that was applied against an earlier payment on the invoice. This read-only field is generated by the system, and exists only when a payment that was applied to an invoice is later refunded.

The formula is `Amount - Payments + Adjustments - Applied Credit Balance = Balance` .

For example: An invoice is generated for $1000. An $800 payment is applied, then $300 of that payment is refunded. In this example, the amount of the invoice ( `Invoice.Amount` ) is $1000, the balance ( `Invoice.Balance` ) is $500 (= $1000-$800+$300), the refund amount ( `Invoice.RefundAmount` ) is $300, and the payment amount ( `Invoice.PaymentAmount` ) is $800.

## Status

The status of the invoice in the system. This status is not the status of the payment of the invoice, just the status of the invoice itself.

When you initially create an invoice, if the invoice generating process takes longer, the status is Generating. Once the invoice is generated, the status is changed to Draft.

Note:

During the invoice generation process, there are cases where a temporary invoice with the prefix "TMP-" is generated. The temporary invoice is automatically deleted once the invoice generation process is complete.

You can change the status of a Draft invoice to Posted to post the invoice or to Canceled to cancel the invoice. Changing the status of the invoice moves the invoice along in the system.

## TransferredToAccounting

Specifies whether or not the invoice was transferred to an external accounting system, such as NetSuite. You can specify one of the following values:

-   `Processing`

-   `Yes`

-   `Error`

-   `Ignore`


You can't specify the value `No` , in the API, but can specify `No` in the web-based browser UI. To set this value to `No` , use the web-based browser UI.
