---
title: "Configure Billing Preview"
url: "https://docs.zuora.com/en/zuora-platform/integration/integration-hub/configure-billing-preview"
product: "zuora-platform"
scraped_at: "2025-12-24T05:47:07.862Z"
---

# Configure Billing Preview

Learn how to generate reports with future billing information to understand your business and subscribers better.

Billing Preview can generate reports that contain future billing information before a specified future date. With the customizable data and revenue distribution, you can know exactly what is happening with your business and subscribers.

## Create a Billing Preview Task

Take the following steps to create a Billing Preview task:

1.  Navigate to New Task > Billing Preview.
2.  In the General tab, complete the following settings:
    1.  Enter the name of the task in the Name field.
    2.  Select the timing of execution from the Execution drop-down list. The default value is Onetime.
        -   Onetime - The task will be executed immediately when the resource is available.
        -   Scheduled - The task will be executed on the date and time specified in the schedule builder.
    3.  (Optional) Select the build name from the Build Name drop-down list and the build version from the Version drop-down list if you want to run the task at a previous build version. The latest build name and version are populated by default. It is not recommended to update these fields because this could stop you from using the latest functionality built in the tool.
    4.  Select the login to your Zuora tenant from the Source drop-down list or create a new login. Do not select OAuth credentials or create new logins using OAuth because OAuth is not supported by Developer Tools.
3.  In the Advanced tab, complete the following settings:
    1.  Enter the target date for the billing preview run in the TargetDate field.
    2.  (Optional) Configure other settings based on your needs. The following list provides additional information about several important fields:
        -   Included Fields - The fields that will be included and mapped to the original billing preview run results. The Export is based on the RatePlanCharge object, so only the available fields for the RatePlanCharge data source can be included. For example, `ProductRatePlanCharge.Name`.
        -   Start From Bill Run Id - A previous Billing Preview Run Id from which you want to resume.
        -   Billing File - The URL of the zipped CSV result file generated by the billing preview run.
        -   Remainder Distribution - Determines how to distribute the remaining charge after the invoice item charge distribution in an accounting period. The tool will distribute the invoice item charge amount daily over time based on the price per day. The price per day should be distributed evenly in an accounting period. Therefore, for charges like annual charges, a remainder will occur after the invoice item charge distribution. See [Distribution](/accounts-receivable/finance/zuora-finance-settings/manage-revenue-recognition-rules/manage-a-revenue-rule) for more information.
4.  If you selected Scheduled for the Execution field, complete the scheduler settings in the Schedule tab.

    1.  Select the time zone from the Timezone drop-down list. Zuora strongly recommends you to select the same time zone as for your Zuora tenant to avoid payment errors.
    2.  In the drop-down list next to Timezone, select the time frame of the schedule and complete the details of the selected time frame. The Timezone field and schedule builder are used to set how frequently the data is synchronized. It is recommended to set a Daily schedule and align the timezone to your Zuora tenant, which can align operations and ensure the app displays the latest data. The Interval field displays the specified schedules as a Cron expression and needs no further configuration.
5.  Click Create.
