---
title: "Authentication application setup"
url: "https://docs.zuora.com/en/zuora-platform/security-and-identity/oneid/oneid-settings/two-factor-authentication-for-zuora-oneid/set-up-two-factor-authentication-as-a-user/authentication-application-setup"
product: "zuora-platform"
scraped_at: "2026-02-19T03:22:34.725Z"
---

# Authentication application setup

Set up two-factor authentication (2FA) using a mobile app in the Zuora OneID application.

1.  Log in to the Zuora OneID application. You will be prompted to set up 2FA or SMS-based authentication the first time you log in after the MFA is enabled.
2.  Select Use a mobile app and click Next. You will be prompted to scan a QR code.
3.  Scan the code, using your preferred authentication application on your mobile phone or tablet.
4.  Click Next.
5.  Enter the authentication code generated by your application.
6.  If you don't want to be prompted to enter another code on that particular machine and browser for 30 days, select the Remember me for 30 days checkbox. If you sign in to OneID from various machines or browsers, you must set up 2FA for every machine or browser.
7.  If you set up Two-factor authentication on a trusted machine and safe browser, that you use to access Zuora regularly, Zuora recommends enabling Remember me for 30 days. If you access OneID on a public machine or an unsafe browser, Zuora does not recommend enabling Remember me for 30 days.
8.  Click next. After you've entered the correct authentication code, a success message will be displayed.

You can retrieve the latest code generated by the authentication application by Zuora.
