---
title: "Query e-invoicing data through the REST API"
url: "https://docs.zuora.com/en/zuora-billing/bill-your-customer/leverage-advanced-capabilities/e-invoicing/e-invoicing-data-view/query-e-invoicing-data-through-the-rest-api"
product: "zuora-billing"
scraped_at: "2025-12-24T18:33:08.477Z"
---

# Query e-invoicing data through the REST API

Understand how to query e-invoicing data through the REST API, retrieve file status, and download e-invoice files for billing documents.

With the [E-Invoicing](/zuora-billing/bill-your-customer/leverage-advanced-capabilities/e-invoicing/e-invoicing-overview) feature, after e-invoice files are generated for billing documents, you can view e-invoicing data through the REST API and Data Query.

To retrieve e-invoice file status and error information through the REST API, use the following operations:

-   Retrieve an invoice

-   Retrieve a credit memo

-   Retrieve a debit memo


You can find related data from the following fields returned in the response of the preceding operations:

-   eInvoiceStatus

-   eInvoiceErrorCode

-   eInvoiceErrorMessage

-   eInvoiceFileId


## Download e-invoice files

You can use the Retrieve a file operation to download the e-invoice file generated for a billing document.

## Retrieve e-invoice results

You can use the "Retrieve e-invoice results" operation to retrieve e-invoice results according to the ID of a billing document. The document ID can be the ID of an invoice, a credit memo, or a debit memo.

The result fields might be different by country. For example, a QR code and an IRN are returned for the India e-invoicing clearance process.

The result fields on `EInvoiceData` includes the following fields:

-   `QrCode` : This field stores the QR code data that has been Base64 decoded. In India, the code is a signed QR code in the format of JSON Web Token (JWT), consisting of three parts: signature parameters, data, and a signature.

-   `ReferenceNumber` : This field stores a unique number generated by the tax authority. In India, it is known as the Invoice Reference Number (IRN). IRN is a distinct code created by the Invoice Reference Portal (IRP) for every electronic invoice (e-invoice) file issued under the Goods and Services Tax (GST) system. This number is essential for verifying and authenticating e-invoice files within the Indian e-invoicing system.

-   `DocumentId` : This field stores the ID of the billing document, for which the e-invoice file is generated.

-   `DocumentType` : This field indicates the type of the billing document, for which the e-invoice file is generated.


For example, you can use `/objects/records/com_zuora/EInvoiceData?q=DocumentId:8a90cbb1894e069c01894e14fa8501b9` to retrieve e-invoice data about the billing document with the ID of 8a90cbb1894e069c01894e14fa8501b9.

The following information is a response sample of e-invoice results:

{ "records":\[ { "Id":"65e7d823-241b-4cf9-bad1-155956c05164", "type":"EInvoiceData", "CreatedById":"2c92c8fe78a9a0740178a9b0b06c007a", "UpdatedById":"2c92c8fe78a9a0740178a9b0b06c007a", "CreatedDate":"2023-09-06T08:20:56.080Z", "UpdatedDate":"2023-09-07T06:21:40.249Z", "QrCode":"eyJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiIsImtpZCI6IjE1MTNCODIxRUU0NkM3NDlBNjNCODZFMzE4QkY3MTEwOTkyODdEMUYiLCJ4NXQiOiJGUk80SWU1R3gwbW1PNGJqR0w5eEVKa29mUjgiLCJ0eXAiOiJKV1QifQ.eyJkYXRhIjoie1wiU2VsbGVyR3N0aW5cIjpcIjA4QUFBQ0k5MjYwUjAwMlwiLFwiQnV5ZXJHc3RpblwiOlwiMjlBV0dQVjcxMDdCMVoxXCIsXCJEb2NOb1wiOlwiRUlOVjAwMDAwMDMzXCIsXCJEb2NUeXBcIjpcIklOVlwiLFwiRG9jRHRcIjpcIjA2LzA5LzIwMjNcIixcIlRvdEludlZhbFwiOjE4NzI5MTcuMDUsXCJJdGVtQ250XCI6MyxcIk1haW5Ic25Db2RlXCI6XCIxMDAxMTFcIixcIklyblwiOlwiOGU4ZDI1NjEwNmM3MDc2MGNkMjQ4NmFjYTIxZjk2ZmU5ZDhlMTA3YWJkNTMwMWRiOWJhNTMxYTBjNzhiNThiM1wiLFwiSXJuRHRcIjpcIjIwMjMtMDktMDYgMTM6NDc6MzhcIn0iLCJpc3MiOiJOSUMgU2FuZGJveCJ9.LhRPNpNMS4JKWcyz1i\_XigclmjysOxEWR9csO9YegxBT7LLwUSqjG\_6D3Q1LNHiqT835kq8Zss2GI9W1e11XF47JPTwIPl\_9bMKOF05jXL6\_KkDO2w0HZUIXxnVpljamTb\_W1pPOX75bhfCvCpNQ\_z7IdhCz7u9MKvh7Avyjuz4CRoe3tseQNCxwxIMMgadpLivgEZDEFAK-P6a0O2RmBhIf\_Qq0tUK4yV0Yf9X9kw3MXwVSO93EOc1p4nr-o-OqwYcgJ99MBwDoHWl57TxYT9y40B9\_K3z9M8ONw6VORkrVsrOxCmZhvwwfJjJveovZhBtOBoTVe7RNqSJK1sq9wA", "ReferenceNumber":"8e8d256106c70760cd2486aca21f96fe9d8e107abd5301db9ba531a0c78b58b3", "DocumentId":"8a90eff78a68fc31018a69915afe7e19", "DocumentType":"Invoice" } \], "count":1 }
