---
title: "E-invoicing results retrieval for Saudi Arabia"
url: "https://docs.zuora.com/en/zuora-billing/bill-your-customer/leverage-advanced-capabilities/e-invoicing/country-specific-configurations-management/country-specific-configurations-in-sovos-for-saudi-arabia/e-invoicing-results-retrieval-for-saudi-arabia"
product: "zuora-billing"
scraped_at: "2026-02-20T17:34:56.059Z"
---

# E-invoicing results retrieval for Saudi Arabia

Understand how to retrieve e-invoice results using billing document IDs, including specific fields for Saudi Arabia.

You can use the Retrieve e-invoicing results operation to retrieve e-invoice results according to the ID of a billing document. The document ID can be the ID of an invoice, a credit memo, or a debit memo.

The e-invoicing result fields might be different by country.

The e-invoicing result fields on EInvoiceData include the following fields for Saudi Arabia:

-   QrCode: This field stores the QR code data that has been Base64 decoded. In Saudi Arabia, this field stores the QR code data that is Base64-encoded Tag, Length, Value (TLV).

-   ReferenceNumber: This field stores a unique number generated by the tax authority. In Saudi Arabia, a unique identifier is assigned to each electronically submitted invoice by the Saudi Arabian tax authority, known as the Zakat, Tax, and Customs Authority (ZATCA). The information is obtained from the UUID field in the cleared document.

-   DocumentId: This field stores the ID of the billing document for which the e-invoice file is generated.

-   DocumentType: This field indicates the type of billing document for which the e-invoice file is generated.


The eInvoiceFileId field on the Invoice object stores the ID of the Base64-encoded e-invoice file, a cleared document in the format of UBL- XML.
