---
title: "E-invoicing results retrieval for India"
url: "https://docs.zuora.com/en/zuora-billing/bill-your-customer/leverage-advanced-capabilities/e-invoicing/country-specific-configurations-management/country-specific-configurations-in-sovos-for-india/e-invoicing-results-retrieval-for-india"
product: "zuora-billing"
scraped_at: "2026-02-20T17:34:37.244Z"
---

# E-invoicing results retrieval for India

Understand how to retrieve e-invoice results using billing document IDs, including specific fields for the India e-invoicing process.

You can use the "Retrieve e-invoicing results" operation to retrieve e-invoice results according to the ID of a billing document. The document ID can be the ID of an invoice, a credit memo, or a debit memo.

The e-invoicing result fields might be different by country. For example, a QR code and an IRN are returned for the India e-invoicing clearance process.

The e-invoicing result fields on `EInvoiceData` include the following fields for India:

-   `QrCode` : This field stores the QR code data that has been Base64 decoded. In India, the code is a signed QR code in the format of JSON Web Token (JWT), consisting of three parts: signature parameters, data, and a signature.

-   `ReferenceNumber` : This field stores a unique number generated by the tax authority. In India, it is known as the Invoice Reference Number (IRN). IRN is a distinct code created by the Invoice Reference Portal (IRP) for every electronic invoice (e-invoice) file issued under the Goods and Services Tax (GST) system. This number is essential for verifying and authenticating e-invoice files within the Indian e-invoicing system.

-   `DocumentId` : This field stores the ID of the billing document, for which the e-invoice file is generated.

-   `DocumentType` : This field indicates the type of the billing document, for which the e-invoice file is generated.


The `eInvoiceFileId` field on the `Invoice` object stores the ID of the Base64-encoded e-invoice file, a cleared document in JSON format.
