---
title: "Detach charges from invoice schedules"
url: "https://docs.zuora.com/en/zuora-billing/bill-your-customer/leverage-advanced-capabilities/flexible-billing/billing-schedule/billing-schedule-tutorials/detach-charges-from-invoice-schedules"
product: "zuora-billing"
scraped_at: "2025-12-24T18:34:39.853Z"
---

# Detach charges from invoice schedules

Learn how to detach charges from invoice schedules in Zuora, either through the UI or REST API, to manage billing for subscription changes.

-   The invoice schedule you want to detach charges from must be in Fully Processed or Partially Processed status.

-   All invoices generated by the invoice schedule must be posted.


You can detach charges from invoice schedules in the Zuora UI or through the REST API.

Zuora will not bill the detached charges when processing the upcoming invoice schedule items.

Typically, detaching charges from invoice schedules allows you to separately generate credit memos for previously billed amounts that are no longer applicable due to subscription changes, such as early renewals.

To detach charges from invoice schedules through the REST API, see Detach charges from an invoice schedule .

To detach charges from an invoice schedule in Fully Processed or Partially Processed status in the Zuora UI, perform the following steps:

1.  In the left navigation section, navigate to Customers > Orders.
2.  On the Orders page, click the number of the order associated with the invoice schedule from which you want to detach charges.
3.  On the order detail page, click the number of the invoice schedule from which you want to detach charges in the basic information section.
4.  On the invoice schedule detail page, click the more options icon in the upper right and then click Detach Charges . The Detach Charges dialogue is displayed.
5.  Select the charges you want to detach from the invoice schedule.
6.  Click Detach.

The charges are detached from the invoice schedule.
