---
title: "E-invoicing results retrieval for Mexico"
url: "https://docs.zuora.com/en/zuora-billing/bill-your-customer/leverage-advanced-capabilities/e-invoicing/country-specific-configurations-management/country-specific-configurations-in-sovos-for-mexico/e-invoicing-results-retrieval-for-mexico"
product: "zuora-billing"
scraped_at: "2026-02-19T03:15:03.397Z"
---

# E-invoicing results retrieval for Mexico

This topic covers information on retrieve e-invoice results using the Retrieve e-invoicing results operation, including details on fields specific to Mexico.

You can use the Retrieve e-invoicing results operation to retrieve e-invoice results according to the ID of a billing document. The document ID can be the ID of an invoice, a credit memo, or a debit memo.

The e-invoicing result fields might be different by country.

The e-invoicing result fields on EInvoiceData include the following fields for Mexico:

-   QrCode: This field is empty for Mexico.

-   ReferenceNumber: This field stores a unique number generated by the tax authority. In Mexico, it is a unique identifier assigned to each electronically submitted invoice by the Mexico tax authority, known as [Agenzia delle Entrate](https://www.agenziaentrate.gov.it/portale/). The information is obtained from the IdentificativoSdI field in the cleared document.

-   DocumentId: This field stores the ID of the billing document, for which the e-invoice file is generated.

-   DocumentType: This field indicates the type of the billing document, for which the e-invoice file is generated.


The eInvoiceFileId field on the Invoice object stores the ID of the Base64-encoded e-invoice file, a cleared document in the format of XML.

Zuora also extracts additional fields from the response payload and stores them in EInvoiceData. Here are the field names and their associated extraction path.

-   Field2: TipoDeComprobante. Extraction Path: `Comprobante @TipoDeComprobante`

-   Field3:Exportacion. Extraction Path: `Comprobante @Exportacion`

-   Field4: No. SAT Certificate (No. Certificado SAT). Extraction Path: `/Comprobante/Complemento/TimbreFiscalDigital/@NoCertificadoSAT`

-   Field5: Not certified Emitter (No. Certificado Emisor). Extraction Path: `/Comprobante/@NoCertificado`

-   Field6: Certification date (No. Certificado Emisor). Extraction Path: `/Comprobante/Complemento/TimbreFiscalDigital/@FechaTimbrado`

-   Field7: Date of Issue (Fecha de emisor). Extraction Path: `/Comprobante/@Fecha`.

-   Field8: RFC of the provider that certifies (RFC del proveedor que certifica). Extraction Path: `/Comprobante/Complemento/TimbreFiscalDigital/@RfcProvCertif`.

-   Field9: SAT Digital Seal (Sello Digital SAT). Extraction Path: `/Comprobante/Complemento/TimbreFiscalDigital/@SelloSAT`

-   Field10: Digital Stamp (Sello Digital). Extraction Path: `/Comprobante/Complemento/TimbreFiscalDigital/@SelloCFD`
