---
title: "E-invoicing results retrieval for Brazil"
url: "https://docs.zuora.com/en/zuora-billing/bill-your-customer/leverage-advanced-capabilities/e-invoicing/country-specific-configurations-management/country-specific-configurations-in-sovos-for-brazil/e-invoicing-results-retrieval-for-brazil"
product: "zuora-billing"
scraped_at: "2026-02-20T17:35:14.352Z"
---

# E-invoicing results retrieval for Brazil

Learn how to retrieve e-invoice results using the operation based on billing document IDs, including invoices, credit memos, and debit memos, with specific fields for Brazil.

You can use the Retrieve e-invoicing results operation to retrieve e-invoice results according to the ID of a billing document. The document ID can be the ID of an invoice, a credit memo, or a debit memo.

The e-invoicing result fields might be different by country.

The e-invoicing result fields on EInvoiceData include the following fields for Brazil:

-   QrCode: This field is empty for Brazil.

-   ReferenceNumber: This field stores a unique number generated by the tax authority. In Brazil, it is a unique identifier assigned to each electronically submitted invoice by the Brazil tax authority, known as [Agenzia delle Entrate](https://www.agenziaentrate.gov.it/portale/). The information is obtained from the IdentificativoSdI field in the cleared document. The field naming in response payload is NFSeRpsNumber.

-   AuthorizationCode: The VerificationCode from the response payload is stored in AuthorizationCode field.

-   Field1: This field stores numeric code that uniquely identifies the document in the tax authority's system. The field naming in response payload is NFeNumber.

-   DocumentId: This field stores the ID of the billing document, for which the e-invoice file is generated.

-   DocumentType: This field indicates the type of the billing document, for which the e-invoice file is generated.
