---
title: "Attach charges to invoice schedules"
url: "https://docs.zuora.com/en/zuora-billing/bill-your-customer/leverage-advanced-capabilities/flexible-billing/billing-schedule/billing-schedule-tutorials/attach-charges-to-invoice-schedules"
product: "zuora-billing"
scraped_at: "2025-12-24T18:34:42.518Z"
---

# Attach charges to invoice schedules

Learn how to re-attach charges to an invoice schedule in the Zuora UI, ensuring the schedule is in the correct status and charges meet specific criteria.

-   The invoice schedule to which you want to attach charges must be in Fully Processed or Partially Processed status.

-   You can attach charges only if they were previously detached from the same invoice schedule.

-   The state of the charges to be attached must not be modified in any of the following ways:

    -   The charge amount has changed due to term modifications, billing cycle day updates, or other changes.

    -   The charges have been billed after detaching.

-   Items in the invoice schedule must not be processed after the charges are detached.


After detaching charges from invoice schedules, you can re-attach them to the same invoice schedule in the Zuora UI or through the REST API.

Zuora will bill the attached charges when processing the upcoming invoice schedule items.

To attach charges to invoice schedules through the REST API, see Attach charges to an invoice schedule .

To attach charges to an invoice schedule in Fully Processed or Partially Processed status in the Zuora UI, perform the following steps:

1.  In the left navigation section, navigate to Customers > Orders .
2.  On the Orders page, click the number of the order associated with the invoice schedule to which you want to attach charges.
3.  On the order detail page, click the number of the invoice schedule to which you want to attach charges in the basic information section.
4.  On the invoice schedule detail page, click the more options icon in the upper right and then click Re-attach Charges. The Re-attach Charges dialogue is displayed.
5.  Enter the following information in the Re-attach Charges dialogue:

    -   Order Number : Enter the number of the order that owns the associated subscription, specified in the Subscription Number field.

    -   Subscription Number : Enter the number of the subscription that owns the charges you want to attach.

    -   Charge Numbers : Enter comma-separated numbers of the charges you want to attach.


6.  Click Attach .

The charges are attached to the invoice schedule.

Note: Once charges are detached, invoices generated by the invoice schedule prior to the detachment cannot be unposted.
