---
title: "Subscriptions preview"
url: "https://docs.zuora.com/en/zuora-billing/manage-accounts-subscriptions-and-non-subscriptions/manage-subscription-transactions/subscribe-and-amend/create-subscriptions/subscriptions-preview"
product: "zuora-billing"
scraped_at: "2025-12-24T05:33:40.893Z"
---

# Subscriptions preview

This article explains how to preview subscriptions to view invoice charges, simulate usage charges, and calculate taxes, while understanding limitations for certain charge models.

You can preview a subscription with a draft, active, or canceled status to see the invoice charges that will be generated by the subscription. You can preview subscriptions across any time frame. You can enter usage values to simulate usage charge calculation (only available to Zuora UI users). Preview all invoices generated for the subscription, including future invoices and taking into account any amendments to the subscription.

Note:

Zuora recommends that you preview new subscriptions to check and correct errors before activating new subscriptions. But, you should note that previewing a subscription is not supported for the usage-based charges using the following charge models:

-   High WaterMark Pricing charge model
-   Pre-Rated Pricing Charge Models
-   Multi-Attribute Pricing charge model

If you have configured taxation rules in Zuora Tax , the subscription preview will calculate taxes for charges in the subscription.

Using list base price and full term pricing, you can make subscriptions that charge the price of a full term up front. Preview subscription will let you see the full term price that will be applied to a subscription.

## Preview a Subscription through Zuora APIs

You can preview a subscription with the SOAP API or with the REST API .
