---
title: "Automatic subscriptions renewal"
url: "https://docs.zuora.com/en/zuora-billing/manage-accounts-subscriptions-and-non-subscriptions/manage-subscription-transactions/subscribe-and-amend/create-subscriptions/automatic-subscriptions-renewal"
product: "zuora-billing"
scraped_at: "2025-12-24T05:33:10.297Z"
---

# Automatic subscriptions renewal

This articles explains how to manage subscription autorenewals, including setting renewal terms and handling renewal amendments in Zuora Billing.

## Autorenewing Subscriptions

If you select Auto Renew, the subscription automatically renews when the subscription's initial term comes to an end. When Auto Renew is selected:

-   If you set Renewal Setting to Renew With Specific Term , your customer will continue to be billed for the number of months specified by the renewal term.
-   If you set Renewal Setting to Renew To Evergreen, the subscription will automatically change from termed to evergreen, and will no longer need to be renewed.

If you unselect Auto Renew, the subscription expires after the initial term ends and billing is discontinued.

## Triggering Autorenewals

Autorenewals are triggered by an automatically generated renewal amendment. The amendment is created by Zuora Billing on the last day of the initial term at 01:00 in the Zuora system-wide time zone. The Zuora US Cloud Data Center 2 uses Pacific Time (PT). The Zuora EU Cloud Data Center and US Cloud Data Center 1 use Coordinated Universal Time (UTC). A subscription with Auto Renew enabled continues to renew until the subscription is canceled.

For example, a subscription with a term start date of 1/1/2021, initial term of twelve months, and renewal term of twelve months will initially expire on 1/1/2022. With Autorenew enabled (that is, set to True), this subscription will automatically renew on 1/1/2022 at 01:00 of the Zuora system time for an additional twelve-month term. The renewal term begins on 1/1/2022 and ends on 1/1/2023.

## Renewal Amendments

Autorenewals are triggered by an automatically generated renewal amendment.

The amendment is generated by Zuora Billing on the last day of the initial term at the time you set in the Subscription Auto Renew Job type subscription setting.

-   System default: Zuora generates the auto-renew amendment at 01:00 in the Zuora system-wide time zone. The Zuora US data center uses Pacific Time (PT). The Zuora EU data center uses Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).
-   Tenant specified time: Zuora generates the auto-renew amendment at the time you set using your tenant time zone. You can set the specified time in the Subscription Auto Renew Job Time setting.

A subscription with Auto Renew enabled continues to renew until the subscription is canceled.

For example, a subscription with a term start date of 1/1/2019, initial term of twelve months, and renewal term of twelve months will initially expire on 1/1/2020. With Autorenew enabled, this subscription will automatically renew based on your settings.

-   If you use the system default run time to trigger auto-renew and your tenant is in the EU data center, this subscription will automatically renew on 1/1/2020 at 01:00 UTC for an additional twelve-month term.
-   If you set to trigger auto-renew job at 15:00 and your tenant time zone is set to Pacific Daylight Time (PST), this subscription will automatically renew on 1/1/2020 at 14:00 PST for an additional twelve-month term.

If the last version of a subscription is created through the Subscribe or Amend APIs, when this subscription gets an autorenewal, it will be renewed through an amendment of the Renewal type. When the equivalent order is auto generated, the description of the order is "Created by migration".

Note:

-   The renewal amendment is processed asynchronously and may not be completed within a certain time. Typically, the renewal will be completed within a few hours.
-   When creating scheduled bill runs, select Automatically renew auto-renew subscriptions that are up for renewal . Then, if auto-renewals are delayed, the bill run can trigger the subscription renewal when billing is performed for the corresponding account.
-   If a Subscription Auto Renew Job and a BillRun with the option "Automatically renew auto-renew subscriptions that are up for renewal" are executed at the same time, a conflict of the processes may happen, which causes the retry of the processes. It may slow down the performance of the Auto Renew Job and billrun, please avoid scheduling those processes at the same time.
