---
title: "Biling Rules - Usage"
url: "https://docs.zuora.com/en/zuora-billing/set-up-zuora-billing/billing-settings-configuration/general-billing-settings/define-billing-rules/biling-rules---usage"
product: "zuora-billing"
scraped_at: "2025-12-24T05:03:21.919Z"
---

# Biling Rules - Usage

The Usage section outlines billing rules for customer accounts, including options for enabling customer hierarchy and determining pricing for usage records.

The Usage section contains billing rules specific to customer accounts and usage services.

## Enable Customer Hierarchy

Select whether to enable the Customer Hierarchy feature.

The following options are provided:

-   No (default)

-   Yes: You can select a parent record in a customer account.


For more information about this feature, see Customer Hierarchy .

## Include usage from child accounts when billing

Select whether to include usage charges generated by child accounts when billing the parent account. See Aggregate the Usage Billing of Child Accounts for more information.

## Round and determine a price for usage records individually when rating usage charges

Note:

This feature is in the Early Adopter phase. If you want to have access to the feature, submit a request at [Zuora Global Support](http://support.zuora.com/).

Select whether to calculate a price for usage records in a billing period or for each usage record.

The following options are provided:

-   Yes. Calculate a price for each usage record.

-   No (default). Calculate a price for usage records in a billing period.


See Rate aggregated or individual usage for more information.
