---
title: "Cost type"
url: "https://docs.zuora.com/en/zuora-revenue/advanced-revenue-operations/cost-processing/cost-type"
product: "zuora-revenue"
scraped_at: "2025-12-24T04:33:54.421Z"
---

# Cost type

Learn how to review and report on cost types in Zuora Revenue using the Workbench and cost-related reports.

After costs are uploaded or calculated in Zuora Revenue, you can review the cost type in Workbench or in cost-related reports.

## Workbench

To view the cost details for each revenue contract, click the Cost Elements tab on the Revenue Contract Detail page.

-   In the Overview tab on the Revenue Contract Detail page, released and capitalized costs are displayed in different currencies.

-   In the Cost Elements tab, you can view the history of cost changes for each line.

-   In the Waterfall tab, waterfall data for each cost type can be generated by selecting the cost type in the Waterfall Type list.

-   In the Journal Entries tab, click Show Detail to open the Journal Details window where you can view the capitalization entries created and posted back to GL based on the setup of cost types.


## Reporting

The following cost reports are provided in Zuora Revenue:

-   Cost Capitalized Rollforward Report Displays capitalized cost beginning balances, cost additions, released amounts, and ending balances for all cost types for reconciliation and disclosures.

-   Cost Insight Displays cost activity, cost on hold and cost unposted for each transaction line in detail by cost type, by period, quarter, year, or contract to date.

-   Cost Stratification Lists the stratification fields and formulas for all cost types that are defined in Zuora Revenue.

-   Cost Transaction Changes Lists all cost changes by cost type during a given period.

-   Cost Transactions Lists all cost transaction details for a given period.

-   Waterfall Displays waterfall data of prior periods, and current and future scheduled and forecasted cost.
