---
title: "FAQs"
url: "https://docs.zuora.com/en/zuora-revenue/month-end-process/reports/historical-waterfall-report/faqs"
product: "zuora-revenue"
scraped_at: "2025-12-24T04:28:06.837Z"
---

# FAQs

This document addresses frequently asked questions about the Historical Waterfall Report, including its capabilities, differences from the existing Waterfall Report, and reconciliation processes.

The following questions are frequently asked about the Historical Waterfall Report :

Q: Can Zuora Revenue generate reports only for past periods or can it also generate future revenue waterfall?

A: The report can generate reports for past, current, or future periods based on your selection of the period range. However, the revenue activity of future periods will be a summary of the report execution date and time. The revenue activity of the past periods will be the actual revenue posted to your General ledger.

Q: How does the Historical Waterfall Report differ from the existing Waterfall Report ?

A: The existing Waterfall Report gives a period-wise breakdown from the Current open period to the future periods. The actual revenue of the historical closed periods will be consolidated in a single column called Prior Amount . The new Historical Waterfall Report generates a period-wise breakdown of the prior periods for up to 13.

Q: Can I generate the output for a quarter instead of a period?

A: Yes, you can use the Waterfall Format to generate the output by Quarters. Navigate Setups > Application > Waterfall Template to set up a new waterfall format based on quarters.

Q: How do I reconcile the activity/output generated by the Historical waterfall report?

A: For past and current periods, you must reconcile the revenue activity as per the accounting/revenue insight Report

For future periods, you must reconcile the revenue activity as per the accounting/waterfall report run for the same Waterfall Type.
